This app is intended to be used together with a V.ALRT device and a smartphone. V.ALRT is a small wearable device for personal health and security protection that works with a smartphone to send out urgent calls and text messages at the touch of a small button, summoning help wherever and whenever someone should need it. This application helps the user to easily set up and configure the V.ALRT device and keep peace of mind for your personal health and security. (VALRT, ALRT, valrt, alrt, alert, valert)

Ergonomic solution
The V.ALRT is an ergonomically designed wearable device that can be carried discreetly in a pocket or a bag, or worn as an accessory such as a pendant, clip-on or wristband. Some accessories might be included when you buy the V.ALRT. 

Latest Technology
Using Bluetooth Smart (Bluetooth 4.0 LE) technology in association with your V.ALRT application, you will be able to initiate the alert calls and text messages from a designated smartphone. With the push of a button, you can send a personalized text, including your location, to three pre-selected contacts, even when your mobile phone is out of reach. V.ALRT can even initiate a follow up phone call to ensure you get your contact’s attention. In case of need your V.ALRT will connect you to your love ones, and let them know if there is any risk to your health or personal security. 

Peace of mind 
The V.ALRT has a fall detection feature that will activate communications if it detects a sudden fall that may have left the user incapable of pressing the alert button. Fully waterproof, the V.ALRT can send notifications if a fall occurs in the shower, tub or around the swimming pool. No need to recharge as it provides up to a year of use before needing to replace the battery. 

For the Active Living
Active living and good health should go along. Active people who exercise alone want the ability to quickly signal for help if they become injured or feel their personal security is threatened.  The V.ALRT is a “go-to” device that can be carried in a pocket, worn around the neck or on the wrist. Its fall detection feature can also send an alert in a critical situation or health need and provide you with additional personal protection.

Protected wherever you go
Since the V.ALRT is paired to a smartphone, and not dependent on a landline or other hardware, the V.ALRT device can help people with medical conditions stay connected wherever they have their smartphone. In the yard, at the grocery store, and at home as well, if help is needed or you feel your personal security is at risk, the V.ALRT will send the programmed alert notifications when the button is pushed. When a fall has occurred and the button cannot be activated, the V.ALRT fall detection feature generates calls and texts to summon help. Slightly bigger than a quarter, the V.ALRT is discreet and lightweight to wear.